[Music]
well I'm here at the golden Guardians
move-in day to talk to all the different
players starting with Laurel Oh Laurel
oh you have joined the team
congratulations
I got to ask you the first question is
2018 gonna be the year of the Lord oh oh
boy
maybe we'll see I don't know I don't
even know what that me Maria came from
honestly they came for me cuz I told
Kelsey Moser she should write an article
about how it's gonna be the year of the
Lord oh the other strong 2017 start and
then everybody else got a bunch of
hatred eating wait let's talk about this
team so what made you decide and golden
Guardians um yeah so I had a few options
in this off season but just the level of
professionalism and also just the
players just having like a 5 and a
roster was really interesting to me
because most teams were importing it so
I kind of just wanted to just try
something different and also yeah this
was it just felt like the best fit
because I already knew Matt was gonna be
on the roster and also just having
people I just friendly faces I already
knew it just going forward as an easy
option for me you say you mentioned the
all in a roster but I assume you know
let's just pay this way there was a lot
of criticism and doubt about having an
all in a roster like you have to get
imports like that's that's where the
strength of the team is so why why do
you differ in that philosophy um I think
with franchising immediate results
aren't gonna be as important of course
like winning is the general feel like
everyone wants to win obviously but I
don't think immediate results are as
important as now as before with
relegations like you wanted to build the
best team possible for that split but I
think now it's you want to build the
best team possible for like future
splits and just going forward with your
organization and I think the golden
Guardians have a really good outlook on
that and they want to build something
that's long lasting and like just
develop players over time yeah why or
why do you think that how is this whole
situation can be different for you in
math and it was on team
quit and one way well I just mean the
team right because obviously you guys
were not able to find success with Team
Liquid and there was a whole movie made
about some of the great experiences that
you had on the team but you know
obviously now you're you've decided on
picking this team so why what you know
what do you see is is being different
here um it's hard to say exactly what's
gonna be different because we have any
started practicing yet but I think with
time I'll figure that out and once I
started gelling with the new players
that I'm with I think it will show over
time but right now it's really hard to
say what will happen result wise and
just because it's we haven't even played
one scrim yeah so ok with Golden State
Warriors backing golden Guardians was
that a factor for you at all in your
decision to join here you know having
this big traditional sports team behind
you or was it more just sort of the
conversation around the potential roster
talking to hunter who's who's running
this whole thing you know what what
really made you decide that this was the
place yeah I think having the backing of
such uh just well noir and well-known
organization before like go and say it
they won two championships recently NBA
so they're pretty renowned of like what
they do so it definitely helped my
decision I think but also just the
atmosphere that they gave to me like
what they promised and with like the
development of players and just looking
towards the future than more so that
media results was something that really
valued because I want to be in the scene
long term so just developed myself over
time is what I'm planning to do and just
making sure I can get the most
improvement with the people around me on
a day-to-day basis
final question it is move-in day here so
what do you think of the new place
honestly I saw the mortals house tour so
it's not too different for my expect
expect kind of is like knew what I was
getting to but a secret is is that
you're moving into the Immortals house
no one knows this but now they do yeah
yeah yeah we're in the world's house and
very different than the teamliquid
apartments yeah cuz the apartments were
like so clustered before us
yeah if you walked in you were either
like in the kitchen already or you're
like watching someone on the TV so or
like playing a game that right next to
you so it's definitely just it feels
more like back home because just a
bigger house like it feels just more
family-oriented because before I was
like really cluttered and just really a
mess but just it's just different
anything you want to say to any of the
Lauro fans out there who are you know
falling you want to this new team and
curious about this year yeah I know it's
going to be different change from TL but
I hope you guys support me on this new
journey it's gonna be interesting at
first because we are five any roster
were no imports so I think it's going to
be some ups and downs at first but I
hope you guys support us through it all
and yeah it's gonna be a great year lots
of chatter from your teammates in the
background thank you so much for the
interview
happy to be here checking out the digs
with you as you move in for everyone
else you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel Wow
wasn't that interviewer right it
certainly was for me I watched the whole
thing as I'm filming this outro I
totally know which interview this video
is being attached to you can check out
the rest of my coverage here sub and you
know check out Travis Khafre comm slash
support